# SCGAN
 We propose to utilize a self-consistent generative adversarial network (SCGAN) to model real  noise distribution using collected Brillouin gain spectrum (BGS) data. Here, we have provided the code of the proposed method, the BGS data from our cooperative party and the paper we published in Jan. 2024.

 1. Tha data: the BGS data was measured by Mrs. Yuyao Wang, the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. And it is open and offered out of Mrs. Wang and her group's courtesy.
 2. The core code: SCGAN is trained in two parts: the Noise Modeling stage and the Denoising stage.In the noise modeling stage, SCGAN model is used to model the noise distribution, and then the trained model is used to generate SCGAN generated noise, which is combined with ideal Brillouin data to form paired data for noise denoising in the second stage. The code of this method refers to the code provided by the author of [this paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.05762), and makes modifications to our data on this basis.  
3. Abstract of the paper: The signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) is a crucial performance metric in Brillouin distributed optical fiber sensors. Ensuring accurate noise characterization is essential for effective targeted denoising. However, collecting real noise data poses practical challenges. Gaussian noise, traditionally used in supervised methods, is somewhat effective but lacks accuracy. In this paper, we propose to utilize a self-consistent generative adversarial network to model real noise distribution using collected Brillouin gain spectrum (BGS) data. This enables us to generate noise data for training denoising convolutional neural networks (CNNs). By training the SCGAN to replicate real noise intricacies, we can effectively train a CNN to discern between signal and noise, resulting in more precise noise reduction. By addressing the limitations of conventional Gaussian noise models, our method bridges the gap between artificial noise simulations and complex real-world BOTDA system noise patterns. This innovative approach has the potential to significantly enhance noise reduction techniques for BOTDA systems, improving accuracy and efficiency.

We have provided the paper for better understanding. You are recommended to download the paper[1] directly from the [publisher](https://www.researching.cn/articles/OJ5f4a42371e9292e1) or your library due to the copy right issues.

[1] Kuo Luo, Yuyao Wang, Borong Zhu, Kuanglu Yu. Noise Reduction of Brillouin Distributed Optical Fiber Sensors Based on Generative Adversarial Network[J]. Acta Optica Sinica, 2024, 44(1): 0106024 

First Online Date: 12:00 Beijing Time, Jul. 7th, 2024.
